# Prompt

You are given two non-empty linked lists representing two non-negative integers.

The digits are stored in reverse order and each of their nodes contain a single digit.

Add the two numbers and return it as a linked list.

You may assume the two numbers do not contain any leading zero, except the number 0 itself.

# Example

Input: (2 -> 4 -> 3) + (5 -> 6 -> 4)

Output: 7 -> 0 -> 8

Explanation: 342 + 465 = 807.

# Solution
```javascript
const addTwoNumbers = (l1, l2) => {
    let carry = 0;
    let sumHead;
    let prevNode;
    let currNode;
    while (carry > 0 || l1 || l2 ) {
        let sum = carry;
        if (l1) {
            sum += l1.val;
            l1 = l1.next;
        }
        if (l2) {
            sum += l2.val;
            l2 = l2.next;
        }

        carry = 0;
        if (sum >= 10) {
            carry = 1;
        };
        currNode = new ListNode(sum % 10);
        if (!sumHead) {
            sumHead = currNode;
        }

        if (prevNode) prevNode.next = currNode;
        prevNode = currNode;
    };
    return sumHead;
};
```

# Explanation
We have two linked lists containing single digit non-negative numbers that represent numbers in reverse order that we wish to add together and return their sum as a linked list.

Important things we need to keep track of as we traverse the linked lists are
- if we should carry a 1 to the next sum (for example: when doing 9 + 9 = 18),
- if we reached the end of an individual list, and
- where the head of the sum linked list is.

To start off, we initialize some variables outside the scope of our traversal that we wish to conditionally modify.

In our traversal, we intend to create a new node while we have a non-zero carry, the current node in l1 is not null, or the current node in l2 is not null.

We keep a running sum starting with the carry from the previous sum, defaulting to zero. If we haven't reached the end of `l1`, we add its value to the sum, and we set `l1` to be the next node in the list. We do the same with `l2`.

We then reset the carry to be zero once our summing for that traversal is done, and we set it to 1 if our sum is greater than 10, so that we can add it to the next traversal sum.

Given the sum, we can create a new node based off its value, and **only** in the first traversal, do we set that node equal to `sumHead` so we know what to return. Similarly, we update `prevNode` if it exists by setting `prevNode.next` to be the `currNode` we just created. And our last step in the traversal is to set `prevNode` to be `currNode` so we can do the same step at the next traversal.

Once we have exhausted both lists and the carry, we break out of the while loop, and can return `sumHead`.