# Prompt
Given two sequences pushed and popped with distinct values, return true if and only if this could have been the result of a sequence of push and pop operations on an initially empty stack. 

Note:

- ```0 <= pushed.length == popped.length <= 1000```
- ```0 <= pushed[i], popped[i] < 1000```
- ```pushed is a permutation of popped.```
- ```pushed and popped have distinct values.```

# Example
Example 1:

Input: pushed = [1,2,3,4,5], popped = [4,5,3,2,1]<br>
Output: true<br>
Explanation: We might do the following sequence:
push(1), push(2), push(3), push(4), pop() -> 4,
push(5), pop() -> 5, pop() -> 3, pop() -> 2, pop() -> 1

Example 2:

Input: pushed = [1,2,3,4,5], popped = [4,3,5,1,2]<br>
Output: false<br>
Explanation: 1 cannot be popped before 2.

# Solution

```javascript
const validateStackSequences = (pushed, popped) => {
    if (pushed.length === 0) return true;

    const stack = [pushed[0]];
    let pushedIdx = 1;
    let poppedIdx = 0;
    let action = true;

    while (action) {
        if (poppedIdx < popped.length && stack[stack.length - 1] === popped[poppedIdx]) {
            stack.pop();
            poppedIdx++;
        } else if (pushedIdx < pushed.length) {
            stack.push(pushed[pushedIdx]);
            pushedIdx++;
        } else action = false;
    }
    return poppedIdx === popped.length;
};
```

# Explanation
Given an array of pushed elements and popped elements, we need to figure out if they are arranged in some combination such that pushing and popping from a stack in that order makes sense. And if so, return true. Otherwise, return false.

A few things to note are that they are always the same length, they are permutations of each other, and they consist of distinct elements, so no repeating values. This makes the problem a lot simpler.

We start off checking the edge case if the length of `pushed` is 0, and if so, return true. <br>Otherwise, we can start with our implementation by initializing our stack with the first element of `pushed`, and keep track of our position in the arrays with two pointers, `pushedIdx` and `poppedIdx`, and a boolean `action`. This `action` lets us know if we made a valid move in a single iteration while traversing through the arrays. So, if we don't, we can exit early.

In our traversal, our first check is if our `poppedIdx` is less than the length of the `popped` array, and if the `stack`'s last value is equal to the next value in the `popped` index, based on our `poppedIdx`. And if so, we `.pop()` that off our `stack`, and increment our `poppedIdx` counter by 1. Otherwise, we check if the `pushedIdx` is less than the length of the `pushed` array. And if so, we `.push()` that value from the `pushed` array onto our `stack` array, and increment our `pushedIdx` counter by 1. **Otherwise**, if neither of the above two actions were taken, we set `action` to false.<br>We continue with our traversal of `pushed` and `popped` until `action` is set to false. At which point, we break out of our loop.

The final check is to see if the `poppedIdx` counter is equal to the length of our `popped` array. This signifies that this is a valid sequence of push and pop operations on a stack.
